Deprecated test.TestCtx in order to rename test.TestCtx to test.Context (#2549)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

- Operator user setup and entrypoint scripts no longer insert dynamic runtime user entries into `/etc/passwd`. To use dynamic runtime users, use a container runtime that supports it (e.g. CRI-O). ([#2469](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2469))

- Changed the scorecard basic test, `Writing into CRs has an effect`, to include the http.MethodPatch as part of its test criteria alongside http.MethodPut and http.MethodPost. ([#2509](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2509))

> - **Breaking Change:** Renamed the `test.TextCtx` for `test.Context`. ([2549](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2549))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Breaking Change:** Renamed `TextCtx` in `pkg/test` to `Context`. ([2549](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2549))
```

- Changed the scorecard basic test, `Writing into CRs has an effect`, to include the http.MethodPatch as part of its test criteria alongside http.MethodPut and http.MethodPost. ([#2509](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2509))

### Deprecated

> - The `TextCtx` in `pkg/test` was deprecated. Use `Context` in `pkg/test` which has the same functions instead of. It will be removed in the next versions. ([2549](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2549))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The type name `TestCtx` in `pkg/test` has been deprecated and renamed to `Context`. It now exists only as a type alias to maintain backwards compatibility. Users of the e2e framework should migrate to use the new name, `Context`. The `TestCtx` alias will be removed in a future version. ([2549](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2549))
```
